feat: document native SAML (#1964)
ory/docs: docs/kratos/organizations/organizations.mdx

between parties. The SAML integration in Ory Network uses the B2B Organization feature.

### SAML via Ory Network

This guide will walk you through the steps required to set up SAML Single Sign-On (SSO) with Ory Network.

#### Prerequisites

Before proceeding, ensure you are on a plan that supports SAML SSO. SAML is available exclusively on select Enterprise plans.
[Contact us](https://www.ory.sh/contact/) if you need SAML support.

1. Go to <ConsoleLink route="project.authentication.organizations" /> to create an organization.
2. Select "Add a new Enterprise SAML SSO connection" and follow the instructions to configure the SAML connection. Fill out the
   following form fields:

   - **Label**: A descriptive name for the SAML connection. This will be displayed to users.
   - **Data mapping**: A mapping from the SAML attributes to Ory's identity schema.
   - **Raw IDP metadata XML**: The XML metadata file from your SAML Identity Provider (IdP).

3. Navigate to your login screen to test the SAML connection.

The SAML application callback URL to set at our SAML Identity Provider is: `https://api.console.ory.sh/saml/api/oauth/saml`

### SAML via BoxyHQ

:::note

> Before Ory Network had native SAML support, BoxyHQ was the recommended way to set up SAML SSO. The integration is still supported,
> although we recommend using the native SAML support in Ory Network for new projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously a third party integration provided SAML SSO in Ory Network. The third party BoxyHQ integration is still supported for backwards compatibility, but the native SAML support in Ory Network is recommended for new projects. Please contact us [Ory Support](mailto:support@ory.sh) for any questions.
```
